Hello guys will come back.
One never uses science.
There's a need for encrypting the user's password.
If it is not encrypted then hackers could easily enter the system.
In this video we will learn how to encrypt the user's password.
Let's go and solve this problem first we need to install one library and import it.
And let's go to our terminal shift right click shares right click and open show and you seem to zone.
US and check ins sir so sir.
You want to clear with the NPM So
why compete.
Is she because you want to sell it to your pack that Jay song or specifically for this project.
Answer
and let's import the library.
So it good to be in the studio.
Right on.
Sounds like you are.
Why did you.
By.
No Jess is a library to encrypt any strings.
So let's go ahead and do just that.
So here is my.
So what is going on here.
We run a function by mongoose scheme called.
So in a nutshell it will increase Depass password before saving the password attribute to the database.
So we get to add safe parameter and a callback function called next next.
It's just a callback when we refer the user to this.
This is technically the user SECU myself.
We checked if the feel of a password has been changed or uses new.
Then we do a callback.
Else we do the encryption method call hash we pass in the user password and then added two parameters
which are all in.
Finally we pass in a callback function with a parameter of error and the result of the callback which
is hash.
If password has been encrypted then we simply set it to the current password then we do callback.
So that's it.
Once we do that then before we save it to the database we have to hash the password and that's it.
In this video we learn how to encrypt user password field and in the next video we will learn how to
create a custom function to compare password.